# CodeJam22-Qualifiers
This repository contains all the solutions I came up with (using **C**) during the CodeJam 2022 qualifying round.  This solution helped me total 33 points, taking me to the next round.

I was pretty time limited during this codejam, hence why for the third problem (d1000000) I only targeted the first test dataset, just so I can guarantee those 30+ points for the quali.
The first problem took me around an hour to finalize, I basically used a simple **For** loop to print out the symbols, nothing too fancy, my main issue was understading how the input and output worked for the judge, later I figured out I just had to use **stdin** and **stdout** as the input and output files.
For the 3D printers problem I finished it in about an hour as well, but spent nearly 4 hours or so trying to figure out why I kept getting a Wrong Answer from the judge, later I figured out that I should've been using **greater or equal >=** instead of **greater than >** when comparing the ink units. For every colour I basically took the minimum amount in each printer (for example the lowest amount of yellow from all 3 printers), then added those 4 color units, if the total was less than a million, it's impossible, if it's equal to it, then just print out the units, if it's more, then take away how much you need until it drops to a million.
The dice problem was pretty simple for the first dataset which is why I got around to solve it in a couple minutes, since the max number of dice in a test was 10, I just created two arrays both of size 10, one to hold the number of sides of each dice, and one to indicate if the dice has already been used in the straight or not, then basically it's a simple loop that stops when all that stops after we test all N dice.
The rest of the problems I didn't have enough time to try them, but I might end up posting a solution here if I ever get around to doing them.
